okay so my 2018 razor blade died this
was a device that I use for a lot of
2018 and the vast majority of 2019 and
it finally died it was through no fault
of the device itself I had on the
kitchen counter AC adapter was connected
and I yanked it by accident the whole
thing went on the ground and the left
fan completely stopped spinning it now
has error messages on boot there's
nothing I can do to it so I thought I'm
just gonna switch it over to the 2019
razor blade because I've had that review
in it for a while I just never bothered
switching it over just because this was
sufficient for the stuff that I do but
then I thought why not take this
opportunity to look at all the other
options that I have in like the vault of
review units that I have so here's the
thing whenever I tell anyone in videos
or on discord that this is my laptop of
choice people say why do you go for this
why do you go for the razor blade when
there are so many other devices you have
access to that are either more powerful
they have better cooling better battery
life etc why do you go for this so I
thought maybe they're right maybe I
should check them out so that's what I
did the first device that I checked out
was this one this is the Acer concept d7
now I never did an official review on
this thing this was a device that was
sent to me really early on in the
product launch cycle I'll just put it
down there he's dead anyways but I never
did a review because it was just a very
niche product but I did mention it in my
content creator video for having an
excellent screen I actually think this
is one of the best screens you can get
on the market right now for just content
creation
it's very color accurate it's bright
it's a great 4k panel however when I set
everything up on it just to test this
thing out a little more thoroughly for
what I wanted to do with it it had two
problems
number one it throttles I don't need
like insanely good thermal performance
because video editing isn't like ah the
toughest stuff in the world but it
throttles a little too much for my taste
and secondly the nvme drives in here are
improperly cooled I don't know why they
made a device like this where a it's
it's clearly designed for content
creators right it's a I know it's a
white fancy laptop and they mark it as a
content creation device but when you
access the drives like they are they're
difficult to upgrade to begin with you
have to go in
remove the motherboard and going to the
backside of the motherboard and replace
them there there's not a lot of airflow
there and because these drives are
mounted right underneath the keyboard
you can't even use like a thermal pad to
try to pull the heat off of it
so you're basically stuck with these
drives that overheat and when I offload
footage onto this computer like if I
take one of my red cards and just dump
it onto here
halfway through the transfer the speeds
drop because the drive is way too hot so
this thing was unfortunately out of the
race so the next device that looked at
was the XPS 15 from last year this is
the OLED panel model and I did a review
of this thing earlier last year but the
one thing I noticed was that it did not
have great thermal performance but since
then there have been a lot of updates
including firmware updates for this
machine so I thought I'd check them out
but it still has thermal issues the
other thing I don't love about this
machine is actually the panel this is
running the OLED screen and even though
this is a screen that's kind of geared
towards content creation like a lot of
laptop companies are using this Samsung
panel for their content creation devices
it's just not a great screen because
color calibration is extremely difficult
for these devices like you got to set it
at a particular brightness level and and
keep it there too to keep it calibrated
which is a little bit unfortunate and
there's also the issue of PWM flickering
I'm someone that's sensitive to it I
didn't think I was but when I use these
devices for an extended period of time
like literally four five six hours
sometimes a stretch staring at the
screen I noticed my eyes getting very
tired and just it's just not a great
feeling so I couldn't use this and this
issue with these OLED panels affects
every OLED laptop so the XPS 15 the
Alienware
M 15 r2 like I also have an OLED panel
in this thing this was out because of
the OLED issue and then even the aro 15
so this is this is again a device I
never did a review on but this screen is
one of the best OLED screens on a laptop
it's the same screen as all the other
ones but they've calibrated it really
well and it actually locked the
brightness on this thing so you can't
bring it up to the same kind of
brightness as other devices and I still
have issues with eye strain on the aro
15 it's unfortunate because it's a
really solid device overall but I just
can't see
to stare at OLED screens on laptops for
an extended period of time at least not
with the current Samsung panel so here's
the thing display is important to me
right I think when you're doing video
editing it's got to be reasonably color
accurate and I do like to play games so
I'd prefer like a high refresh screen
but I even looked at the math book so I
don't love this device this isn't mine I
had to bring it in just for this video
but like the 16 inch MacBook this year
they fix the keyboard they improve the
thermals and it's got a great 16 inch
screen but I just can't do it I like my
games too much and I also don't love the
value that the Mac books offer right now
okay the last thing I took a look at was
a razor blade 17 this is a super heavy
device I kind of forgot how heavy this
thing was like I did a review on it but
like I tried this thing out for I think
4 days 4 days as a daily like I bring it
to work bring it back from work and it's
just way too big for me I like the idea
of it it's just like the 17 inch screen
doesn't provide that much of an
advantage to me like especially because
you're still at 1080p it's a nice device
and I like the idea of what a bigger
screen would offer but like it's heavy
it's like you got to be swole to bring
this guy around so in the end I went for
the 2019 razor blade there's a lot of
stuff I dislike about this machine if
I'm being honest like I don't love the
keyboard of complain about this thing
for so many years that right shift key
kills me
I don't like Razer synapse and thermally
like it's good it's just there are ones
that are better but I don't know it's
weird right
when you think about content creation
devices there are so many companies out
there that are making these you know
quote unquote content creation laptops
and they're surprisingly like they're
surprisingly not ideal like they have
thermal issues and a lot of these
devices have these OLED panels that are
incredibly difficult to calibrate
properly I just feel like a lot of stuff
gets ignored when they shouldn't be when
it comes to content creation laptops so
that's why we have the 2019 razor blade
as my pick again it's imperfect clearly
but it's just less imperfect
then what these guys offer for the stuff
I want to do okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
if you liked it subs we loved it
see you guys next time